# Coil Monorepo Upkeep

### Commands

- yarn upkeep
- yarn upkeep:new-package
- yarn upkeep:check-updates

### yarn upkeep

This ensures the package configuration follows a convention by scripting the updates
of various files like:

- jest.config.cjs
- tsconfig.build.json
- package.json
  - various `scripts` such as
    - yarn build:ts
    - yarn format
    - etc
- etc

### History

What the `upkeep` command is, is an evolution of a small script we were working
on a long time ago, when Adrian and I were experimenting with monorepo structure
for the InterledgerJS set of packages.

The requirements were the following:

- Be able to work on any package without having to build its dependencies first

  - if you've used the Coil monorepo you'll know how painful it is to do this
    cold after a fresh clone.

- Running commit hooks on all the packages should scale

  - set up hooks just once in the root
    - helps GREATLY with performance
  - if linting is to work just once, then all the packages must share the
    same config

- Use the same version and configurations of eslint/prettier etc everywhere
  while allowing overrides

- Uniform naming for the set of local commands in each package
  (yarn test, yarn lint:all, etc)

- Able to use IDE refactoring tools across package boundaries

  - renames "just work"
  - This means that you need to open the whole repo in your editor and
    have it look it at is one set of sources.

        For this tsconfig.compilerOptions.paths is used.

        This is generated by upkeep, sourced from the package.json
        dependencies.

- However, we still want to be able to build only the dependencies, and
  use TypeScripts project references for cached builds.

  For this we create a tsconfig.build.json

        upkeep will generate the list of projects that a particular package
        depends upon, generating "path" : "..."} entries for the references
        section

- Depending on the task at hand, dynamic compilation (on the fly, with transpile
  only set to true) can be faster.

  Note that when upkeep was born, webpack's ts-loader' support for project
  references wasn't very flash. And at least the last time I checked project
  references and transpileOnly was mutually exclusive.

  This can matter more if you have a really slow computer (as I was using when
  I set up the repo)

To get all these things working at once it was much easier to script the shape
and structure of the monorepo. In this way iterating on ideas was much faster
and less error-prone (which can lead to confusions about how things work)

It was tricky to set things up where it always worked, so if something didn't
work it was added to the CI (much easier/faster than testing everything by hand
locally)

So when you see tests running under multiple configurations, it's testing that
the monorepo is still structured in a way that it works in the various ways
one may want to use it.
